chore(table): update table tutorial to be more easily understandable (#224)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/table-intro/step2.md

> Let's create the basic table structure.

Reviewer: Remove instances of "let's", change to: `Create the basic table structure.`

1) <strong>Navigate to the `src` folder and open `src/App.js`.</strong>

> Next, we'll set up the general structure of an empty table and add the necessary imports.

Reviewer: Remove instances of "we'll" - change to `Set up the general structure of an empty table and add the necessary imports.`

> 2) <strong>Copy the following code into the App.js file.</strong>

Reviewer: wrap App.js in back-ticks

> Replace all of the content in App.js with the code snippet below.

Reviewer: wrap App.js in back-ticks

];
</pre>

4) <strong>Set the `cells` and `rows` prop for the `<Table />` component.</strong>

> Locate the `<Table />` component, and replace the references to empty arrays (`cells={[]} rows={[]}`) with the row/column definitions you just created.

Reviewer: I think you can make this a bit clearer (also remove you)

```suggestion
Locate the `<Table />` component and locate the references to empty arrays (`cells={[]} rows={[]}`). These empty arrays should be replaced with the row/column definitions that were added in step ___
```
